we're out there you're not really
thinking about back home we had a job
too used to just do our job
eta seconds listen to me okay honey
you're just having a dream you saw
listen last night
yep bad moment even hitting a lot of
those lately became to see the future
for bar del tapas went dark after they
crossed into Iranian territory it's
imperative that we get eyes on the
ground down there immediately so you
pass over that border you are on your
own though we're assets your objective
especial connaissance this is not a
search in a rescue mission clear this
clear this
rooted by 9:00 to 5:00
I'm coming back
[Music]
if something happens they keep Patrol
said the Good Witch of the North
engage targets so Dorothy closed her
eyes and tap the heels together there is
no place like home
there's no place like there is no place
tonight
[Music]
who's coming back you've got my back
nothing has changed
[Music]